Document env variables needed to run the backend (#83)
anitab-org/open-source-programs-backend: README.md

    \c osp;
    GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON DATABASE osp to osp;
    ```

> 2. **Set the environment variables:** You need to download API key file from your user-settings on Zulip. The file you download is named as 'download' or rename that to 'download'.Place that download file in the project's directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Set the environment variables:** You need to download Zulip API key file from your user-settings on Zulip. The file you download is named as `download` or rename that to `download`. Place that file in the project's directory. For more information follow [Environment Variables](#Environment-Variables) section.
```

   ````
   Fill up the things it asked to and then Login into the app.

## Environment Variables

1. `Zulip API KEY file` - You can go [Zulip](https://anitab-org.zulipchat.com) and follow [these instructions to get your API KEY](https://zulip.com/api/api-keys#get-your-api-key). Download the file and save it in the root folder of the project with the name `download`.

2. `SENDGRID_API_KEY` - Follow the given steps to create a Sendgrid API key:

> 	1. Go to [Sendgrid's website](https://app.sendgrid.com/guide)
> 
> 	2. Navigate to Settings on the left navigation bar, and then - select API Keys.
> 
> 	3. Click Create API Key.
> 
> 	4. Give your API key a name.
> 
> 	5. Select Full Access, Restricted Access, or Billing Access. If you're selecting Restricted Access, or Billing Access, select the specific permissions to give each category. For more information, see API key permissions.
> 
> 	6. Click Create & View.
> 
> 	7. The API KEY is generated and displayed to you just once. So be sure to copy and save it somewhere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	1. Go to [Sendgrid's website](https://app.sendgrid.com/guide)
	2. Navigate to Settings on the left navigation bar, and then - select API Keys.
	3. Click Create API Key.
	4. Give your API key a name.
	5. Select Full Access, Restricted Access, or Billing Access. If you're selecting Restricted Access, or Billing Access, select the specific permissions to give each category. For more information, see API key permissions.
	6. Click Create & View.
	7. The API KEY is generated and displayed to you just once. So be sure to copy and save it somewhere.
```

   ````
   Fill up the things it asked to and then Login into the app.

## Environment Variables

> 1. zulip_id : You can go [Zulip](https://anitab-org.zulipchat.com) and click on your name from the user list on the right. On the URL, you will see a number after user. That is your Zulip user ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Zulip API KEY file - You can go [Zulip](https://anitab-org.zulipchat.com) and follow [these instructions to get your API KEY](https://zulip.com/api/api-keys#get-your-api-key). Download the file and save it in the root folder of the project with the name `download`.
```
I will suggest on another issue, making this come from env variables, for now this should be enough :)

> 2. SENDGRID_API_KEY : Follow the given steps to create a Sendgrid API key -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `SENDGRID_API_KEY` - Follow the given steps to create a Sendgrid API key:
```

> 	- Go to [Sendgrid's website](https://app.sendgrid.com/guide)

Reviewer: this list could be numbered list instead of bullet pointed list, since these steps follow a certain order.

	- Navigate to Settings on the left navigation bar, and then - select API Keys.

	- Click Create API Key.

	- Give your API key a name.

	- Select Full Access, Restricted Access, or Billing Access. If you're selecting Restricted Access, or Billing Access, select the specific permissions to give each category. For more information, see API key permissions.

	- Click Create & View.

	- The API KEY is generated and displayed to you just once. So be sure to copy and save it somewhere.

Add both of these variables to your .env file as follows:
```

> export zulip_id=<your-zulip-id>

Reviewer: I think this comes as a configuration file, right @codesankalp @devkapilbansal ?

Reviewer 2: Yes, @isabelcosta
